1. What is HTML?
ans-: HTML is a Hypertext markup language which gives structure to websites

2. What is the difference between HTML and HTML5?
ans-: In Html 5 there is a lot of semantic tags which is responsible for seo 

3. What are semantic tags in HTML?
ans-: semantic tag in html are like header footer section which is responsible for seo

4. What is the difference between <div> and <span>?
ans-: div is a block level elemnet span is inline element

5. What is the difference between id and class?
ans-: id is used for uniqueness and class  is used for common resuable layers and design

6. What are block-level and inline elements?
ans-: block level element is element which takes full width but inline element do not takes full width and it comes line by line

7. What is the purpose of the alt attribute?
ans-: alt means alternative text if the images doesnt loads properly

8. What are meta tags?
ans-: meta tags we provide metadata like charset , viewport etc

9. What is CSS?
ans-: css is cascading style sheet

10. What are the different ways to apply CSS?
ans-: inline,internal and external

11. Explain the CSS Box Model.
ans-: it contains padding margin border content

12. What is the difference between Margin and Padding?
ans-: Margin creates space outside an element border while padding creates space inside the border between the content and the border

13. What is CSS Specificity?
ans-: CSS Specificity is the set of rules browsers use to determine which CSS declaration should be applied when multiple rules target the same element

14. What is the difference between display: none and visibility: hidden?
ans-:display none removes and element and do not occupy space but visibility hidden just hides but occuppy spaces

15. What is the difference between Relative, Absolute, Fixed, and Sticky positioning?
ans-: Relative- moves from its original position space stays reserved
    Absolute: removed from normal flow positionedd relative to nearest positioned parent
    Fixed-- stays fixed to viewport even when page scorlls
    Sticky: acts relative first then sticks like fixed when scrolling reaches a point

16. What is Flexbox?
ans-: Flexbox is a box model which helps us to take control to a box using flex proprties

17. What is CSS Grid?
ans-: css grid is a grid which helps in 2d layout structure

18. What is the difference between Flexbox and Grid?
ans-: flexbox used for 1d element grid is used for 2d element

19. What is Responsive Web Design
ans-: Responsive web design means it should be properly structured format whether in mobile laptop or tablet

What are Media Queries?
ans-: it helps to make website responsive